Let's use the first special technique in SCNs by replacing
a fully connected layer with one by one convolutional layers.
This will result in the output value with the tensor
will remain 4D instead of flattening to 2D,
so spatial information will be preserved.
This may sound daunting but it's actually simpler than you might think.
At the core, we're still doing the same math as before.
Recall, the output of the convolution operation is the result of sweeping the kernel over
the input with the sliding window and
performing element wise multiplication and summation.
One way to think about this is the number of kernels is
equivalent to the number of outputs in a fully connected layer.
Similarly, the number of weights in each kernel is
equivalent to the number of inputs in the fully connected layer.
Effectively, this turns convolutions into
a matrix multiplication with spatial information.